Hi, Welcome to the CTMM Open Source community! 

Thank you for exploring the Church-Turing Thesis using our Lambda Calculus Meta-Machine, developed by SIPantic.com, the blog on fail-safe cybersecurity. CTMM is the revolutionary, secure solution to traditional binary computers that share memory, allowing catastrophic breakdowns. We cannot build a surviving democratic cyber-society this way when the brands of centralised operating systems only lead to an Orwellian surveillance state and global digital dictatorships.

You can now explore capability-based security using CLOOMC (Capability-Limited/Object-Oriented/Machine-Code) built from the immutable gold of cyberspace. Golden Tokens are the keys to democracy in the Information Age, when everything is driven by software. Vulnerable computers inherited vulnerability from a shared-memory architecture created by John von Neumann in the 1940s, as the Mechanical Age of World War II ended. The decades of Cold War mentality encouraged binary computers and privileged Super-Users, which led to debilitating and costly ransomware. However, CTMM is made for a democratic future, the secure ownership of ideas, and citizens' rights through the distributed power of individuals, replacing centralised digital dictators and international digital disasters. It returns to the foundation of science, the mathematical symbols of the Lambda Calculus established by the two sides of the Church-Turing Thesis in 1936.

As a member of our community, you can learn about the Lambda Calculus and the power it adds to computer science. You can also experiment with CLOOMC (Capability-Limited/Object-Oriented/Machine-Code) and save your own private simulations. We invite you to collaborate with us, join the discussion, and help expand our open-source community as we work to democratise cyberspace.

Your account is ready for use. You can log in anytime to access the simulator, the tutorials, your saved status, and the expanding consensus. If you would like to get started, you can visit your Dashboard to run decentralised software examples and try the CLOOMC Assembly Editor.

We look forward to your feedback and individual contributions.

Best regards,

Ken Hamer-Hodges
The CTMM Simulator Team